It's 38-37, Kansas State over Oklahoma State. It's the 4th quarter with 5:03 left on the clock. It's first and ten.
It's been a back-and-forth game all night. Weeden's in the shotgun. Takes the snap, fires over the middle to
Justin Blackmon. He's at the 20, the 10, the 5, he's in the end zone, pistols firing.
Oh my Heather that's incredible because this is the first time OSU has been behind in the second half. They've been open
in the middle all game. It looked like they were playing man-to-man defense on Justin Blackmon, which never works.
It doesn't. You can't cover Blackmon. Look behind us, here's a real sportscaster. Dave Hunziker, who's the voice of the
cowboys and a sports media instructor. Well that was pretty good.
This is another edition of Inside OSU and we're not just talking about sports, but we're talking about sports media.
Heather Geller is a student in sports media and Dave is an instructor. Tell us about the sports media program.
It's very exciting. We're one of the first university's in the nation to offer a degree in sports media. It's a very
exciting time. We offer the opportunity for students to learn about play-by-play, television anchoring, public relations,
sports reporting from a print standpoint. It's really an innovative program. We are a leader in this? We are one of the
very first programs to have a sports media major? Yes we are. It allows students to emphasize the sports piece, because it
is unique and it's so repetition based. For example the play-by-play, the more you do it the better you become.
So we offer those real life experiences for the students so when they leave OSU, they have a chance to get a good job.
Heather where are you from? I am from Visalia, CA. And that's in central California? Yes. How did you end up at OSU?
I transferred here because of the sports media program. I didn't see that in any other schools I was looking at.
Great and you're a senior? Yes, I'll be graduating in May. And what do you hope to do in sports media?
My dream job would be to take Erin Andrews' job. Be a sideline reporter. So she better watch out come May.
Tell us about some of the curriculum. In my course, we do television anchoring, radio sportscasts, and play-by-play of OSU
football games. They do 2 of those per year. They do a couple women's basketball games per year. It's very intensive in
terms of teaching and hands on. And then when, for example, ESPN or ABC comes to town to broadcast an event, they use our
students in a variety of support roles to help with the broadcast, giving them exposure to the highest level of television
production in America. Have you done any of that Heather? I haven't but I do his play-by-play in class, which is really
exciting. What does he tell you to work on because I thought you were great? There's little things here and there, but it's
repetition based. Every time I've gone out there and done it I've gotten better.
Well we're lucky to have somebody with Dave's talent that's available to teach our students. You do a wonderful job.
Our graduates are getting jobs? Yes. In fact this past spring we had a graduate land at ESPN in Charlotte. We had another
We had another recent grad land as a sports reporter at an affiliate in Wichita and they're doing very well.
Others have moved more into the production side of things where they are also doing very well. So yes it's working.
We're drawing high caliber students here. They're excelling. It's really been fun watch this thing take off.
With the explosion of video, YouTube, internet streaming and everything, there's just going to be more and more demand
for this kind of thing. Oh yes. OSU will be very involved in it, both as a content creator as well as a distributer.
So I think you're getting in a lively and robust field and I congratulate you on that. Thank you. And Dave thank you
everything you do for OSU.
That's another edition of Inside OSU. And I think we should close it with your signature phrase. Well I'd be happy to.
Pistols firing, touchdown cowboys!